# quick-and-autosave-renamer
Make quick and autosaves more persistent and easier to navigate by automatically renaming them.

-------------------------------

Motivation
=================

This is a small utility I made while playing Age of Mythology. 
I was really bugged by the fact that whenever you quicksave the previous quicksave file get overwritten.
This means that you can only go back to your last quicksave, and if you click quickload by mistake instead of quicksave (the buttons are just next to each other on most games) it's game over.
I've experianced this problem also in Rome and Medival Total War games, although I am sure there are more examples out there.

How it works
================

So I decided to develop this script that basically
1) periodically check if a new quicksave has been made
2) copies it 
3) replaces the uninformative "quicksave" with a timestamp

The script is made in python and is very lightweight, for me it caused no issues with the game whatsoever. Worked on Windows 7, 8 and 10.

In order to get this benefit however, you needed to remember to run the python script everytime you ran the game.
This was very tideous to me so I put together a very simple batch script that first starts the python script and then starts the game.

Requirements
==================

The python script is written for Python 2.7 and uses no extra libraries.

How to use it
===================

Unfortunately, in order to use this script you might have to make several changes to the code.

Here are the most important things to keep track of.
save_rename.py:
*) the python file is best placed in the directory where the save files are located.
*) make sure to change the name of the quicksave file to the one generated by the game you are playing

age_of_mythology.bat
*) you will need to take care of the paths. I found it's best to navigate instead of putting paths in the invocation functions

After everything is in place and working, you can create a shortcut to your batch file and place it on your desktop.
